what's going on everyone happy new year
I hope your year is going great so far
all right today I'll be covering another
piano made by bi laps it's the German
grant which is a back Stein semi grande
I did some research and if you ever get
the time check out back side the website
and you'll you'll come across some very
good quality pianos world-class very
world-class though all right so now this
particular video I won't cover a lot in
detail when it comes to the features
because I covered that in my previous
video with when I did the Steinway
American grant with two keys and I went
through every feature and I make
selections and how those things work so
everything is pretty much the same thing
just one being at it with the updated
workstation UVI workstation that i have
the version 2.2 they add the capability
now where you could customize tuning
presets
I haven't delved into that yet but for
those who like to tweak those types of
things that is a feature that's been
added with the new update we have the
capability with UVI workstation products
you can proper eyes your libraries to
the hard drive every computer well what
that means is that we don't necessarily
have to use the eye line or plug in the
eye lot for the authorizers because it's
already authorized on your machine so
that frees up a USB port for you which
is a great thing all right so I'll try
to play a couple songs just show and
feature and showcase the character of
the piano and thank you for watching and
tune into another video so I'll play
some here
some softened dark
now it can't get bright when it needs to
you
all right something gospel
very nice warm dark tunnel but it can
get bright when you need it too you know
you
all right so thank you for watching if
you have any questions or would like my
opinion or review on a particular piano
or virtual instrument just email me send
me a message and I'll check it out
all right take care